Dog Fight

The Americans and russians at the height of the arms race
realized that if they continued in the usual manner they
were going to blow up the whole dispute with one dog fight.
They gave each other five years to breed the biggest meanest
fighting dogs the world had ever seen and whichever's
country lost would have to lay down it's arms.

The Russians found the biggest meanest Dobermans and
Rottweilers in the world and bred them with the biggest
meanest Siberan Wolves. They selected only the biggest and
the strongest puppy from each litter, killed all his siblings
and gave him all the milk. They used steriods and trainers
and after five years came up with the biggest meanest dog the
world had ever seen. It's cage needed steel bars five inches
thick and nobody could ever get near it.

When the day came for the dog fight, the Americans showed up
with a strange animal. It was a 9-foot long dachshound.
Everyone felt sorry for the Americans because they knew there
was no way that this dog could possibly last 10 seconds with
the Russian dog.

When the cages opened up, the dachshound came out of his cage
and slowly waddled over toward the Russian dog. The Russian
dog snarled and leaped out of his cage but when it got close
enough to bite the American dog's neck, the dachshound opened
it's mouth and swallowed the Russian dog whole. There was
nothing left at all of the Russian dog. The Russians came up
to the Americans shaking their heads in disbelief. "We don't
understand how this could have happend. We had our best
people working for five years with the meanest dobermans and
Rottweilers in the world."

"Really", the Americans replied "We had our best plastic
surgeons working for five years to make an alligator look
like a dachshound.
